Updates for dynamic worker pools (#949)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/infrastructure/workers/dynamic-worker-pools.md

### Types of Dynamic Worker

Each dynamic worker pool can specify the worker image used. As of August 2020, Windows Server Core 2016 is the default. Windows Server Core 2019 and Ubuntu Server 18.04 worker images are also available.

Editing a dynamic worker pool allows you to modify the image used. You can also setup a new worker pool to have some workers using different target images.

> The available Worker Images lists specific operating versions (eg `Windows Server Core 2016`, `Windows Server Core 2019`) but also generic "default" options such as `Windows (default)`. Choosing the default option means that your worker will get the latest stable worker image released. This is a good option to choose if you're running a basic script that doesn't have any real dependencies.

Reviewer: Slight tweak, hopefully, this is self-explanatory :)
```suggestion
The available worker images list specific operating versions (e.g.,`Windows Server Core 2016`, `Windows Server Core 2019`) but also generic "default" options such as `Windows (default)`. Choosing the default option means that your worker will get the latest stable worker image released. This is a good option to choose if you're running a basic script that doesn't have any dependencies.
```

> If you're writing a script that relies on a specific version of tooling (eg helm), then we recommend choosing a specfic worker image instead of the "default" options, to prevent worker image upgrades from impacting your deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're writing a script that relies on a specific version of tooling (e.g., helm), then we recommend choosing a specific worker image, instead of the "default" options, to prevent worker image upgrades from impacting your deployments.
```

|Type | Pros | Cons |
|-----|------|------|

> | Default (eg `Windows (default)`) | Automatically get latest image. Deployments will continue to work even when a worker image is marked as deprecated or decommissioned.| The versions of dependencies (eg helm) are not fixed. Deployments that rely on specific versions of dependencies or operating system specific features may break during upgrades. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Default (eg `Windows (default)`) | Automatically get the latest image. Deployments will continue to work even when a worker image is marked as deprecated or decommissioned.| The versions of dependencies (e.g., helm) are not fixed. Deployments that rely on specific versions of dependencies or operating system specific features may break during upgrades. |
```

> | Specific (eg `Windows Server Core 2019`) | The version of the operating system and dependencies are fixed and can be relied upon. | When a worker image is marked as deprecated, warnings will start to appear in your deployment logs. When a worker image is decommissioned, you will need to take action to update your worker pool or deployments will fail. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Specific (e.g., `Windows Server Core 2019`) | The version of the operating system and dependencies are fixed and can be relied upon. | When a worker image is marked as deprecated, warnings will start to appear in your deployment logs. When a worker image is decommissioned, you will need to take action to update your worker pool or deployments will fail. |
```

### Deprecation

When an image is marked as deprecated, you will see warnings in the Octopus UI, and in the deployment log. After a suitable deprecation period, deployments will start to fail if they target an image that has hit end-of-life.

When you start getting warnings in your deployments and/or see deprecation warnings in the Octopus portal, please plan to modify your worker pool to use a newer image and test your scripts on the new image.

### Batteries included

> Worker images are rebuilt on a regular basis, so are up to date with the latest security patches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Worker images are rebuilt on a regular basis, so they are up to date with the latest security patches.
```
